Now, welcome to the Midterm Project.
In the previous lessons, you have learned
a great deal about key points, about descriptors,
and about matching, and now,
is the time to test your knowledge and apply it in practice.
Now, the idea of a camera course is to build a collision detection system.
That's the overall goal for the final project.
As a preparation for this,
you will now build the feature tracking part and test
various detected descriptor combinations to see which one performs best.
Now, the mid-term project consists of four parts.
First, you will focus on loading images,
setting up data structures,
and putting everything into a ring buffer to optimize the memory load.
Then secondly, you will integrate
several key point detectors such as Harris, fast, BRISK,
and also SIFT and compare them to each other with
regard to the number of key points and with regard to speed.
Then thirdly, in the next part you will focus on descriptor, extraction,
and matching using Brute-Force and
also the FLANN approach we discussed in the previous lesson.
The last part, once the coding framework is complete,
you will test the various algorithms, the different combinations,
and compare them with regard to some performance measures.
Once you have finished, the key point meshing part will be set up
for the final project and we can proceed to the next lesson.
This one will be about integrating lighter points into camera images
and also on object detection in camera images using deep learning.
But for now, I wish you all the best for
the project which will be quite challenging for sure.
But also fun when everything clicks into place and the first results start showing up.